docs: cleaned up docs pages and restructured intro page (#2659)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/component/let.md

## Included Features

- Binding is always present. (`*ngIf="truthy$"`)
- Takes away the multiple usages of the `async` or `ngrxPush` pipe

> - Provides Aunified/structured way of handling `null` and `undefined`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provides a unified/structured way of handling `null` and `undefined`
```
